Currently,substantial flowers of automation are blooming one after another.
And worry of losing jobs floats up from time to time. 
Why people are so in need of work?
it got me thinking about what
does work truly mean to people? That's my topic for today.
Here I'd like to introduce the survey from Roy Bahat.
As you see here,what it suggests is that people bear the brunt of burden to
support an aging relative,taking a full-time job,are surprisingly less looking for more money
or get out of the fear of the robot taking their job.Then I took a thought.
For those income-oriented folks,they prefer a stable job with secure income rather than 
a higher one with instability.For those who sacrifice selflessly, all they desire is 
simple appreciation and bright smiles on faces of the lovely ones.For those paying an
Herculean effort on solving problems concerning our society,without desirable income as well as
much admiration,they still mustered their courage and rise to challenges,overcoming 
the insurmountable,which can never be overshodowed.Seems like there's still much more out there
and work is not just a money talk.
So what does work mean to people,eventually?
or let's put it this way,what do people expect from work,exactly?
Here are ones which I consider to be the major parts.  
First,we talk about enjoyment.Enjoyment is really something that 
pushs you forward for a long run.It would be such a pleasure to witness a great process,
where every little steps you made collect together subtly,and when you finally somehow 
connect the dots in future,you take the next rung up and a sense of achievement emerged.
And that sense pushs us to venture into a higher level,despite the
upheavel that comes along,which makes it even more fascinating.
Work enables us to engage in such a process,and hence offers the opportunity to gain such a sensation.
Self-worth.
We all have been familiar enouth with such a concept that through work we find our self-worth.
We feel it when our achievement is being recognised and praised,when our contributions
have won us a prestige,fame and acknowledgement,when our responsibilities have been taken bravely 
and timely.we all kind of need that sense.Being connected to the community,Being part of it,actively.
That's exactly the roles we play in the position of our jobs.Moreover 
Maybe our parents,siblings,friends or 
other loved ones had at some time,left us a sense of "Being needed",which boosted our confidence
and the self-worth came after closely.
Out of your family,into your office,that makes sense,as well.
When colleagues try to seek help from you,When boss attempts to
assign you with a big deal,when they speak out loud that they need you
and you are indispensable.
You are in the state of "Being needed",maybe your wild joy would surface in the meantime. 
Speaking of stability,I am definitely not talking about the wage,plus that vast majority
can't make it.I am talking about the sense of security it provides,about the power it offered
for people to triumph over nihilism,about its unique impact on us.Your countless early mornings
and late nights have shaped you into who you are today,your numerous pep talks before deadline
has strengthened your will even than ever before,all of these contributed to composing the life
we have at the moment.Work is a stable part of life.
Last-Passion.Steve jobs fueled his work with great passion,but at his 30,he was kicked out of
the company he started.However,his passion remained the same.And after the later foundation of PIXAR,
he was completely immersed in it.
Work is what could consume great passion from people, allowing them to put their ideas
,skills,knowledge into reality,to completely focus on staffs arousing their interest,to
be and enjoy themselves,in a really active way.

Work can be tough,but challenges can lead to achievement and enjoyment.
Work can be dull,but our value come alive when being needed.
Work can be turbulent,but you can't stand still forever.
What's the meaning of work?Seems like as clear as day now.
Here's the end,Thank you.

sensation:An inexplicable awareness or impression.